doc: Explain how to use GHC with LLVM (#491)
NixOS/cabal2nix: doc/frequently-asked-questions.rst

   nix-build -A haskell.packages.integer-simple.ghc802.scientific

How to get an environment with GHC and LLVM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> By default on x86_64 LLVM is not included with GHC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default LLVM is not included with GHC unless it is required for native code generation:
```

(Although this will only be true once we merge the new update)

.. code:: shell

   $ nix-shell -p 'haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages (ps: with ps; [mtl])'

   [nix-shell:~]$ ghc -fllvm Main.hs
   <no location info>: error:
       Warning: Couldn't figure out LLVM version!
                Make sure you have installed LLVM 9
   ghc: could not execute: opt
   
   [nix-shell:~]$ llvm-ar
   llvm-ar: command not found
  
To include LLVM in GHC you have to override the expression:

.. code:: shell

   $ nix-shell -p '(haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages (ps: with ps; [mtl])).override { withLLVM = true; }'

   [nix-shell:~]$ ghc -fllvm Main.hs
   [1 of 1] Compiling Main             ( Main.hs, Main.o )
   Linking Main ...

However LLVM will still not be available in the environment:

.. code:: shell

   [nix-shell:~]$ llvm-ar
   llvm-ar: command not found

The solution is to add it as another package to the environment:

.. code:: shell

>    $ nix-shell -p '(haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages (ps: with ps; [mtl])).override { withLLVM = true; }' 'haskellPackages.llvmPackages.llvm'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ nix-shell -p '(haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages (ps: with ps; [mtl])).override { withLLVM = true; }' 'llvmPackages.llvm'
```

Author: Well, the idea here is that you want to use the same LLVM version as GHC is using. So this change isn't correct, this would give LLVM 7 instead of LLVM 9.

Reviewer: Oh, nevermind me, I didn't know about this reexposure of llvm.

Author: I mean, you could use `llvm_9`, but looking up the version of LLVM for the version of GHC you're using is a pain.

Reviewer: Yeah, no, I agree this is much better how you had it. I just wasn't aware of the re-exposure and thought it was a typing mistake.
